Sorting & Categorizing Outdated SARP Files

	When we have old, differently formatted data from studies like SARP, the data can kind of be
	all over the place. With these scattered datasets, we need to compile which entries go together,
	in that they are from the same study, patient, etc.
	
	This article will cover how you can go about categorizing these SARP entries in order to compile
	and organize these SARP entries into a form we can store more confidently in our database.

	** THIS ARTICLE ASSUMES YOU HAVE ALL YOUR ENTRIES IN A .xlsx FILE FORMAT (in a Spreadsheet). **
		For help with this, visit "Compiling study entries into a spreadsheet with PASS."

Now, let's begin!

1. Create 6 columns on the leftmost side of the Spreadsheet. If you want, make the rightmost
blank column a different color as a divider.

2. Move the following columns into the 6 blank ones we created, each with it's own column:
	- Patient ID
	- Patient's Name
	- Study ID
	- Study Instance UID
	- Series Instance UID

3. Under the data tab at the top, sort the entire spreadsheet by PatientID (Choose the A to Z 
option in the sorting window). This will group all duplicate Patient ID entries together and
make the following steps much easier.

4. Now comes the highlighting. Look at each group of PatientID's. Based on the following factors,
highlight accordingly.
	- If ALL of the Study ID's in that group of PatientID's are the same. Highlight the entire
	group of rows GREEN and BLUE (Alternate for readability).
	- If there are multiple different Study ID's in that group of PatientID's (for instance, in
	PatientID = H-11345, there is SARP-563, SARP-572, etc.), highlight the groups of Study ID's
	with different shades of YELLOW and ORANGE (Alternate at each group of PatientID's for readability).
	All the SARP-563's in H-11345 would be a darker yellow, and all the SARP-572's a lighter yellow,
	and so forth.

	This concludes the categorization based on tags in the Spreadsheet.

Clothing Verification

	With our Spreadsheet categorized and looking good, we now need to verify that all the entries we
	highlighted under the same color (in groups) are actually from the same study and belong together.
	To do this, we need to view a DICOM file from each directory and make sure there are no discrepancies
	in the clothing the patient is wearing.

1. ** WORK IN PROGRESS **

H-716 specifically SARP 27, 146, and 147 are weirdly similar though looks as if the picture was taken through
a different lens. Feels like they might be the same subject. How to follow up? 

Other large groups of differentiating SARP values in a specific patient (ex. H-11982) seem to be different
as expected and the same throughout the SARP values. 

Focus on problematic entries? By that I mean the ones with multiple different SARP values, and not those
with multiple of the same SARP value, like big groups as seen in H-11982. Those with similar #'s for
the SARP values could be merged as well potentially. Focus on these factors for now?